Add helm docs to generate chart readme (#890)
aws/karpenter: charts/karpenter/README.md

> # karpenter

Reviewer: Was this fully autogenerated (as suggested by PR title)? I'm not sure where the domain specific details come from.

I want to make sure that we have the proper automation in place to keep this file updated (e.g. 0.5.0 -> 0.5.1).

Thoughts?

Author: user needs to run helm-docs to generate it. the github action CI is just checking if the readme is staled and needed to be re-generated in CI.

Author: the version is from this bit `{{ template "chart.version" . }}` in the `README.md.gotmpl`  or this `{{ template "chart.versionBadge" . }}`

Reviewer: Ahh cool!

# karpenter

A Helm chart for https://github.com/aws/karpenter/.

![Version: 0.5.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.5.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square)

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `karpenter`:

```console
$ helm repo add karpenter https://charts.karpenter.sh
$ helm repo update
$ helm upgrade --install karpenter karpenter/karpenter --namespace karpenter \
  --create-namespace --set serviceAccount.create=false --version 0.5.0 \
  --set controller.clusterName=${CLUSTER_NAME} \
  --set controller.clusterEndpoint=$(aws eks describe-cluster --name ${CLUSTER_NAME} --query "cluster.endpoint" --output json) \
  --wait # for the defaulting webhook to install before creating a Provisioner 
```

> You can follow the details installation instruction [here](https://karpenter.sh/docs/getting-started/#install).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can follow the detailed installation instructions [here](https://karpenter.sh/docs/getting-started/#install).
```
